I think what I wish I had known back then was that the time pressure that
I felt that I was under was not as intense as I thought it was.
I think that in this was kind of true. I think through all of my educational
activities that I always felt like I was on this, like time
courts, like I had to finish in so many years or so many semesters.
And I was, you know, I mean, it took me five years to get my bachelor's
degree, which at the time I felt like, you know, I was behind.
And then instead of going right into a PhD program, I went through a
master's program and, you know, and so again I was behind, you know,
And I felt like when I got to my PhD program, you know, I was I was
behind all of the other students who graduated college in four years
and then went right into a PhD program. Um, and what I realized now,
from the vantage point of, you know, 30 years later, is that it
doesn't matter. You know, if it took me six years to get my bachelor's
degree it really wouldn't have changed my life all that much if I
had to take me three years to get my Masters degree or seven years
to get my PhD. Just I don't think that in the end it really would have
made a huge difference in the quality of my life, my happiness, um,
any of those things. So I think that if I could go back and do it
again, I would just relax a little bit in terms of like the time.